{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Geneva;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red23\green9\blue255;}
\paperw11904\paperh16836\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9980\viewh12420\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Lightweight IDE - lightweight on your mind
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f2 \
The idea behind Lightweight IDE is that we are more productive if our tools are simple and intuitive. That does 
\f3\i not
\f2\i0  mean that the IDE as such is simple to write, but that it should be simple to use. There should be as few controls as possible in its main view. No toolbar - it clutters the screen and simply looking in the menus is faster. The menus should be short. The settings should be limited to what is truly needed.\
\
A feature that is most unusual on the Mac is the 
\f3\i lack of project files
\f2\i0 . Again, this is not laziness in the IDE design - on the contrary. The IDE design is much easier with a project file. Usage, however, is complicated. Instead, the ambition with Lightweight IDE is to make the IDE smart enough to make the project file superfluous for most projects.\
\
It should be obvious that Lightweight IDE has \cf2 syntax\cf0  \cf3 coloring\cf0  and that it can call compilers and report the errors. But Lightweight IDE has more features than meet the eye. The window dragbar has not only a paths pop-up menu (as in the Finder) but no less than two more popup menus, the function menu and the uses menu. It also sports an integrated debugger interface and a smart auto-build mechanism for C projects.\
\
Lightweight IDE is particularly nice for small projects, and is quite useful for medium-sized projects as well. Let me know what you think. Your feedback is vital for the development of this program.}